# O&G-2022-Analysis

This project generates results associated with the national impacts presented in the Regulatory Impact Analysis (RIA) for the supplement to the proposed "Standards of Performance for New, Reconstructed, and Modified Sources and Emissions Guidelines for Existing Sources: Oil and Natural Gas Sector Climate Review."

The RIA and accompanying material can be found in the docket at www.regulations.gov under Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OAR-2021-0317.

The main results tables can be generated by opening `2022_Analysis.Rproj` and running `targets::tar_make()` from the console. The file `_target.R` configures and defines the targets pipeline used in the analysis. For more information on the targets package, see https://books.ropensci.org/targets/.

The outputs used to populate most of the tables in the RIA can be found in `output\xlsx\tables_2022_supplemental.xlsx`.

## Requirements

Running this project requires a number of add-on packages available from CRAN. To see the required packages, please see `scripts/setup.R`. The full version of the project includes proprietary raw input data from Enverus on well site and compressor station characteristics and D&B Hoovers on operator characteristics (for the small business analysis). The public GitHub version of this project is set up so that it can be run without this data. Users who wish to run the project with the raw data must visit the EPA Docket Center Reading Room, located at WJC West Building, Room 3334; 1301 Constitution Avenue, NW; Washington, DC 20004. To use the raw data, the associated files (`wells19.csv`, `wells_prism_2010-2020_2022-05-04.csv`, `compressor_stations.csv`, and `hoovers_processing_plants_and_compressors.xlsx`) need to be added to the `data-raw` folder in the directory.

## Comments

EPA welcomes comments on this code. All comments must be submitted by the date in the Federal Register notice for the proposed rule. To submit comments, follow the instructions in the Federal Register notice of the proposed rule. 

## Contributions

This code is being provided as documentation for the RIA and to facilitate reproducibility. EPA does not intend for additional contributions to be made to the repository. Instead, EPA requests that any comments or suggestions on the code be submitted to the docket as described above.

## EPA Disclaimer

The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) GitHub project code is provided on an "as is" basis and the user assumes responsibility for its use. EPA has relinquished control of the information and no longer has responsibility to protect the integrity, confidentiality, or availability of the information. Any reference to specific commercial products, processes, or services by service mark, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply their endorsement, recommendation or favoring by EPA. The EPA seal and logo shall not be used in any manner to imply endorsement of any commercial product or activity by EPA or the United States Government.
